hi I'm Ben Bell I'm the executive
producer of the sims 3 and we're here to
show you the game today we're gonna load
up the game we're gonna play a little
bit and talk about some of the cool new
features so check it out hi I'm grant
road e ven has asked me to take you guys
through some of the coolest features in
the game in the sims 3 you will have the
freedom to enjoy endless creative
possibilities players will be able to
create unique sims and immerse them into
an open living neighborhood outside
their door today I'd like to show you a
little bit about the game including the
new personality trait system and how the
new trait system affects your Sims lives
so here we are in create a sim where
it's really easy to create any sort of
sim that you can imagine in the sims 3
you can create different age groups
including toddlers heads tails outdoors
young adults adults and elders tagged
and alter your Sims body shape you can
make them really heavy thin Oh muscular
or anything in between you can really
customize your sims to look like anyone
you know hey this looks like Ben okay
let's create an actual Sam I'm going to
name him Herman let's give him an
average body shape maybe he can be a
little on the skinny side one really
cool feature is how you can customize
the hair color of your sim you can
choose from any of our preset hairstyles
and then go in and change the route
color the tips or even give your sim
some highlights you can really go crazy
with this tool hmm i don't think term
ins a mohawk kind of guy
you can modify your Sims facial features
and create a sin if you're just getting
started with the sims the tool is really
simple to use you can choose from
various presets to create the same you
like if you want there is an option that
allows you to tweak these presets
further it's easy to create just the
look you want alright let's pick some
outfits hope maybe not ah there that's
what I wanted so our sims look great but
what about their personality traits in
the sims 3 we wanted to give you the
ability to really define the
personalities of your sims in this menu
you could see that we've come up with
dozens and dozens of trades that can be
combined to create 1 million truly
unique sim each sim is defined by up to
five trips I've made Herman brave a
clumsy whoa oh he loves the outdoors
he's a vegetarian and a bit hot-headed
mark Nets let's give Herman a roommate
will name him Arnie he's a
conversationalist ambitious
materialistic a schmoozer and a party at
our last step is selecting a lifetime
wish for our sims Arnie wants to rule
the free world later we'll see how these
lifetime wishes will present challenges
for both short-term and long-term
gameplay now we're ready to place them
in our neighborhood sunset balance let's
check out this new neighborhood and find
a home for Herman and Arnie map tags
mark points of interest such as
workplaces places to go hang out and
homes of friends and family more map
tags will fill in as your Sims meet
their neighbors and discover new places
to visit
you can choose where you want your sims
to live whether it's rustic home along
the cliffs or a modern homes nestled in
suburbia remember you could build a new
home on an empty lot take control of an
existing family that we've created are
moving to one of the many cool houses in
Sunset Valley I've always wanted to live
by the beach let's move Herman and Arnie
here Arnie has a lifetime wish to become
a leader of the free world because of
that wish a new goal for our needs just
appeared he wants to throw a campaign
fundraising party this will be a good
time to connect with his new neighbors
and do a little bit of networking which
could definitely help them in his
political career you could choose to
ignore any wish or promised it to your
sim along with their lifetime wish these
wishes are influenced by your Sims
personality traits their career their
skills or what's going on in their
environment if you fulfill a promise
wish they gain lifetime happiness you
could spend on lifetime rewards that
help you out and again you can
eventually buy rewards like the steel
bladder so that your sim never has to
use the bathroom again there are many
many other flowers to choose from as
well these riches are report an all new
goal system that gives you more control
over your sins destiny the party really
seems to be jumping let's check on our
knees he raised major simoleons for his
political campaign by keeping his guests
entertained as for the hot-headed Herman
all this political chat really put him
in a bad mood dalek worse a wealthy
widows really want him all night zawa to
me in the sims 3 your sins can now take
care of their own basic needs allowing
you more time to focus on achieving
bigger things a lot or to just goof
around Arnie's chasing his political
dream and now he's headed to work at
City Hall Herman was gonna ride his bike
into town he's still a little miffed
about his roommates political opinions
turns out there's a protest outside City
Hall Herman decides to join in
this hot-headed trade is really showing
us full force it looks like there's
about to be a brawl on the steps of City
Hall nice with the sims 3 you really
have the freedom to make any sim you can
imagine and take them anywhere you can
explore the ever changing neighborhood
and take your sim to meet their
neighbors visit friends in the parts and
do a whole lot more your sims can head
out to the art gallery the graveyard the
gym and other interesting destinations
and towns you might be surprised by what
you find in who they meet you never know
what to expect because what happens on
one side of town might affect what's
happening on the other side of town
there are endless possibilities for
creativity humor and of course mischief
so check out the sims 3 in stores
februari 2009